hi modern freaks using the free West 1.8
it's a newest version on your fat ps2 or
on your slim ps2 all you have to do is
make a memory card was the free based on
it or call it free and see boot and you
will have a new menu
so new menu contained some new options
like the browser option like the way
before and ears are HD loader simple
media system a DivX or expert player
yeah and some other things but the best
thing I think is if you start make a
restart with a backup game it goes into
a completely new menu
and all you have to do here is projects
on launch CD vd
and flick us some colors
I know what's going on
we can make a fast food so it boots
faster
so normally original ps2 games you can
back up your games hi play was out to
screw your piece to soldier chip all the
strange things that happened 10 years
ago so only a new memory card format it
was this cool exploit thanks to the guys
realized that it's time for a new chip I
believe the first time I saw this videos
that this is possible but now I think
they can't make it better that's the
best ship ever for use - ok